README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋

My name is Eguo Wang, with over a decade of experience in internet technology R&D, possesses multi-language programming proficiency and has been fully dedicated to [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/) for the past five years. Currently focused on open-source, cloud-native, Web3, and AI fields.

### Representative Rust Projects:

- [StackClass](https://github.com/stackclass) - Programming challenges for developers.
- [Hummanta](https://github.com/hummanta) - Modular, reusable compiler and toolchain technologies.
- [Amphitheatre](https://github.com/amphitheatre-app) - Accelerated Cloud Development Environments for Developers.
- [DepRank](https://github.com/deprank) - Open Source Contribution & Allocation Audit System.
- [axum-template](https://github.com/wangeguo/axum-template) - Basic RESTful API template build with Rust & Axum.
- [Mirror](https://github.com/ReflectiveIO/mirror) - 3D Rendering Engine.

### Blockchain Projects Involved In:

- [ALUX](https://github.com/alux-network) - The Trailblazer of On-Chain State Transitions.
- [eigen-prover](https://github.com/wangeguo/eigen-prover) - Eigen zkVM's Proving Pipeline and StateDB.
- [aptos-move-js](https://github.com/hummanta/aptos-move-js) - Javascript version of the move language compiler and disassemble.
- [Amphitheatre Buildpacks](https://github.com/amp-buildpacks) - Cloud Native Buildpack implementations for smart contract programming languages.
- [Suiup](https://github.com/MystenLabs/suiup) - The installer and manager for CLI tools in the Sui ecosystem.
- [opinion-rust-sdk](https://github.com/wangeguo/opinion-rust-sdk) - Opinion OpenAPI & CLOB SDK for Rust.

### Articles (Simplified Chinese):

- [EVM to RISC-V? Discussing the History of RISC-V and Its Applications in Web3](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/b_xvLsAA4MBI2LGG21Tuyg)
- [Vitalik vs Top Developers: A 'Virtual Roundtable' on the Web3 Virtual Machine Debate](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/49gjDiKY7noPyTa8zSPm6w)
- [Gavin's Web3 Utopia: The Evolution of Polkadot Smart Contracts and Virtual Machines](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/5XWCCdOjqdaFLzkm8qhrsg)

### Additional:

- Speaker at RustConf China 2023.
- OpenBuild PMC, awarded the BuildHero title.
- Recipient of a Solana 2023 Hackathon Grant.
- 1st Place in the General Track, StarkNet 2024 Hackathon.
- Mentor for OSPP (Open Source Promotion Plan) 2024 by CAS.
- Recipient of AWS Startup Sponsorship 2024.
- 2nd Place, Mina 2025 Hackathon.
- Sui 2025 Chinese Developer Special Incentive.

Commit message:

Add ACP Debugger to project list
Added ACP Debugger project to the list of resources.

README.md, after:

## Hi there 👋

My name is Eguo Wang, with over a decade of experience in internet technology R&D, possesses multi-language programming proficiency and has been fully dedicated to [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/) for the past five years. Currently focused on open-source, cloud-native, Web3, and AI fields.

### Representative Rust Projects:

- [StackClass](https://github.com/stackclass) - Programming challenges for developers.
- [Hummanta](https://github.com/hummanta) - Modular, reusable compiler and toolchain technologies.
- [Amphitheatre](https://github.com/amphitheatre-app) - Accelerated Cloud Development Environments for Developers.
- [DepRank](https://github.com/deprank) - Open Source Contribution & Allocation Audit System.
- [axum-template](https://github.com/wangeguo/axum-template) - Basic RESTful API template build with Rust & Axum.
- [Mirror](https://github.com/ReflectiveIO/mirror) - 3D Rendering Engine.
- [ACP Debugger](https://github.com/wangeguo/acp-debugger) - A desktop debugger for the Agent Client Protocol (ACP).

### Blockchain Projects Involved In:

- [ALUX](https://github.com/alux-network) - The Trailblazer of On-Chain State Transitions.
- [eigen-prover](https://github.com/wangeguo/eigen-prover) - Eigen zkVM's Proving Pipeline and StateDB.
- [aptos-move-js](https://github.com/hummanta/aptos-move-js) - Javascript version of the move language compiler and disassemble.
- [Amphitheatre Buildpacks](https://github.com/amp-buildpacks) - Cloud Native Buildpack implementations for smart contract programming languages.
- [Suiup](https://github.com/MystenLabs/suiup) - The installer and manager for CLI tools in the Sui ecosystem.
- [opinion-rust-sdk](https://github.com/wangeguo/opinion-rust-sdk) - Opinion OpenAPI & CLOB SDK for Rust.

### Articles (Simplified Chinese):

- [EVM to RISC-V? Discussing the History of RISC-V and Its Applications in Web3](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/b_xvLsAA4MBI2LGG21Tuyg)
- [Vitalik vs Top Developers: A 'Virtual Roundtable' on the Web3 Virtual Machine Debate](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/49gjDiKY7noPyTa8zSPm6w)
- [Gavin's Web3 Utopia: The Evolution of Polkadot Smart Contracts and Virtual Machines](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/5XWCCdOjqdaFLzkm8qhrsg)

### Additional:

- Speaker at RustConf China 2023.
- OpenBuild PMC, awarded the BuildHero title.
- Recipient of a Solana 2023 Hackathon Grant.
- 1st Place in the General Track, StarkNet 2024 Hackathon.
- Mentor for OSPP (Open Source Promotion Plan) 2024 by CAS.
- Recipient of AWS Startup Sponsorship 2024.
- 2nd Place, Mina 2025 Hackathon.
- Sui 2025 Chinese Developer Special Incentive.
